docs(build): how to build deb (#30997)
neovim/neovim: BUILD.md

    - To build on Windows, see the [Building on Windows](#building-on-windows) section. _MSVC (Visual Studio) is recommended._
4. `sudo make install`
    - Default install location is `/usr/local`

>     - On Debian/Ubuntu, instead of installing files directly with `sudo make install`, you can run `cd build && cpack -G DEB && sudo dpkg -i nvim-linux64.deb` to build DEB-package and install it. This should help ensuring the clean removal of installed files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - On Debian/Ubuntu, instead of `sudo make install`, you can try `cd build && cpack -G DEB && sudo dpkg -i nvim-linux64.deb` to build DEB-package and install it. This helps ensure clean removal of installed files.
        - Note: This is an unsupported, "best-effort" feature of the Nvim build.
```

    - To build on Windows, see the [Building on Windows](#building-on-windows) section. _MSVC (Visual Studio) is recommended._
4. `sudo make install`
    - Default install location is `/usr/local`

>     - On Debian/Ubuntu, instead of `sudo make install`, you can try `cd build && cpack -G DEB && sudo dpkg -i nvim-linux64.deb` to build DEB-package and install it. This helps ensure clean removal of installed files.
>         - Note: This is an unsupported, "best-effort" feature of the Nvim build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - On Debian/Ubuntu, instead of `sudo make install`, you can try `cd build && cpack -G DEB && sudo dpkg -i nvim-linux64.deb` to build DEB-package and install it. This helps ensure clean removal of installed files. Note: This is an unsupported, "best-effort" feature of the Nvim build.
```
